---
title: "AMD 10-K (filed 2026-02-04)"
source: "SEC EDGAR 10-K"
published_at: 2026-02-04
url: "https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/2488/000000248826000018/amd-20251227.htm"
doc_type: "filing"
---

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

 FORM 10-K
(Mark One)

☒ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.

For the fiscal year ended December 27, 2025
OR
☐TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.

For the transition period from to 
Commission File Number 001-07882 

ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware94-1692300
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
2485 Augustine Drive 
Santa Clara, California 95054 
(Address of principal executive offices)(Zip Code)
(408) 749-4000 
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

(Title of each class)(Trading symbol)(Name of each exchange on which registered)
Common Stock, $0.01 par value per shareAMDThe NASDAQ Global Select Market
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
 None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☑ No ☐
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes ☐ No ☑
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☑ No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files): Yes ☑ No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer☑Accelerated filer☐Non-accelerated filer☐Smaller reporting company☐Emerging growth company☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☑ 
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐ 
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☑ 
As of June 28, 2025, the aggregate market value of the registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $232.3 billion based on the reported closing sale price of $143.81 per share as reported on The NASDAQ Global Select Market (NASDAQ) on June 27, 2025, which was the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant’s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 1,630,410,843 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, as of January 30, 2026.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Portions of the registrant’s proxy statement for the 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (2026 Proxy Statement) are incorporated into Part III hereof. The 2026 Proxy Statement will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the registrant’s fiscal year ended December 27, 2025. 

INDEX

PART I
1

ITEM 1.
Business
1

ITEM 1A.
Risk Factors
14

ITEM 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
42

ITEM 1C.
Cybersecurity
42

ITEM 2.
Properties
44

ITEM 3.
Legal Proceedings
44

ITEM 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
44

PART II
45

ITEM 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
45

ITEM 6.
[Reserved]
46

ITEM 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
47

ITEM 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
57

ITEM 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
58

ITEM 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
95

ITEM 9A.
Controls and Procedures
95

ITEM 9B.
Other Information
96

ITEM 9C.
Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
96

PART III
97

ITEM 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
97

ITEM 11.
Executive Compensation
97

ITEM 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
97

ITEM 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence
97

ITEM 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
97

PART IV
98

ITEM 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
98

ITEM 16.
Form 10-K Summary
105

SIGNATURES.
106

Table of Contents

PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
The statements in this report include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and beliefs and involve numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof or as of the dates indicated in the statements and should not be relied upon as predictions of future events, as we cannot assure you that the events or circumstances reflected in these statements will be achieved or will occur. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology including “believes,” “expects,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “seeks,” “intends,” “plans,” “pro forma,” “estimates,” “anticipates,” or the negative of these words and phrases, other variations of these words and phrases or comparable terminology. The forward-looking statements relate to, among other things: possible impact of future accounting rules on AMD’s consolidated financial statements; demand for AMD’s products; AMD’s strategy and expected benefits; the growth, change and competitive landscape of the markets in which AMD participates; international sales will continue to be a significant portion of total sales in the foreseeable future; the expectation that AMD’s cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments together with the availability under that certain revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Agreement) made available to AMD and certain of its subsidiaries, our commercial paper program, and our cash flows from operations will be sufficient to fund AMD’s operations, including capital expenditures, purchase and lease commitments and strategic activities over the next 12 months and beyond; AMD’s ability to obtain sufficient external financing on favorable terms, or at all; AMD’s expectation that based on management’s current knowledge, the potential liability related to AMD’s current litigation will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operation or cash flows; anticipated ongoing and increased costs related to enhancing and implementing information security controls; revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations that are unsatisfied which will be recognized in the next 12 months; a small number of customers will continue to account for a substantial part of AMD’s revenue and receivables in the future; the expected implications from the development of the legal and regulatory environment relating to emerging technologies such as AI; AMD’s expectation to utilize the cloud service capacity in its operations or assign the capacity; AMD’s expectation that it will not pay dividends in the near future; AMD’s ability to achieve its corporate responsibility initiatives; expected future AI technology trends and developments; the expected benefits of AMD’s acquisitions; and AMD’s expectation to fund stock repurchases through cash generated from operations. For a discussion of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, see “Part I, Item 1A—Risk Factors” and the “Financial Condition” section set forth in “Part II, Item 7-Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” or MD&A, and such other risks and uncertainties as set forth below in this report or detailed in our other Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) reports and filings. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements.
Additionally, we make certain voluntary disclosures in this report and on our website, which are informed by various standards and frameworks (including standards for the measurement of underlying data), and the interests of various stakeholders. As such, these voluntary disclosures may not necessarily be “material” under the federal securities laws for SEC reporting purposes. Furthermore, much of this information is subject to methodological considerations or information, including from third-parties, that is still evolving and subject to change, and which AMD does not independently verify. For example, our disclosures based on any standards may change due to revisions in framework requirements, availability of information, changes in our business or applicable government policies, or other factors, some of which may be beyond our control.

1

Table of Contents

References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to “AMD,” “we,” “us,” “management,” “our” or the “Company” mean Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries.
Overview
AMD drives innovation in high performance and AI computing to solve the world’s most important challenges. AMD technology powers billions of experiences across cloud and AI infrastructure, embedded systems, AI PCs and gaming. With a broad portfolio of AI-optimized CPUs, GPUs, networking and software, AMD delivers full-stack solutions that help customers turn data into breakthroughs, with the speed and scale needed for a new era of intelligent computing. Our high-performance product portfolios provide differentiated solutions, including semi-custom System-on-Chip (SoCs), adaptive SoCs and accelerated processing units (APUs). For data centers, we offer AI accelerators, microprocessors (CPUs), graphic processing units (GPUs), data processing units (DPUs), AI Network Interface Cards (AI NICs) and field programmable gate arrays (FPGAs). We offer ultra-low latency networking solutions. We also offer data center rack-scale platform designs that incorporate AMD data center products to meet the growing performance demands of AI supercomputers and machine learning workloads. In client computing, our CPUs, APUs and chipsets for desktops and notebooks deliver performance, efficiency, AI capabilities and modern security features for gamers, creators, consumers and enterprises. AMD was the first company to integrate a dedicated neural processing unit (NPU) on the same SoC as an x86 CPU for AI PCs. By bringing NPU‑accelerated AI capabilities directly into mainstream x86 platforms, we established a differentiated technology footprint that supports a growing ecosystem of AI‑enabled applications and lays the groundwork for the multi‑generation Ryzen™ AI roadmap that continues to expand our leadership. Our GPUs, including discrete GPUs and semi-custom SoCs, are combined with software to power immersive gaming experiences across PCs, game consoles and cloud gaming services. Our embedded computing portfolio delivers high-performance, scalable solutions across CPUs, APUs, FPGAs, System-on-Modules (SOMs) and adaptive SoCs for markets such as automotive, industrial, healthcare, storage and networking with integrated AI processing capabilities.
We develop comprehensive software stacks that include development tools, compilers and drivers to enable our high-performance CPUs, APUs, GPUs and FPGAs. We have a comprehensive and open AI software stack to support the diverse set of AI ecosystems across frameworks, large and small language models and applications. By working closely with customers, we deliver customized solutions that meet their evolving needs, leveraging our broad IP portfolio and leadership in design, integration and advanced packaging. Our investments in technologies such as our custom-ready chiplet platform and AMD Infinity Fabric™ switch position us to maintain our leadership as a custom-design silicon provider of choice. 
Our Strategy
We believe AI is shaping the next era of computing and its full potential will be realized when it becomes pervasive across cloud, edge and endpoint devices. With our compute engines, intellectual property, software enablement and deep expertise, AMD is positioned to lead in this next computing era. Our broad portfolio spans supercomputing, cloud, edge, embedded and end devices, providing the unique opportunity to make AMD the end-to-end AI leader. 
In 2025, a key priority was accelerating growth in our Data Center segment. Demand for our data center AI accelerator products was strong as large hyperscale customers, OEMs and ODMs deployed our AMD Instinct™ MI350X Series GPUs. We advanced our AMD AI GPU roadmap to deliver an annual cadence of leadership for AMD Instinct solutions, beginning with the AMD Instinct MI350 Series GPUs in 2025. Beyond GPUs, we launched the 5th Gen AMD EPYC™ family of server processors in 2025, which deliver leadership performance and capabilities for a wide range of data center workloads, including AI. In addition, we previewed our “Helios” AI rack-scale platform solution that incorporates all of our data center products (CPUs, GPUs and Networking) to address the growing AI compute requirements.
We strengthened our AI leadership through a number of strategic acquisitions during the year. In March 2025, we acquired ZT Group Int’l, Inc. (ZT Systems), where we retained certain intellectual property and employees associated with the design operations (ZT Design Business). This acquisition enables us to deliver end-to-end AI solutions and accelerate the design and deployment of AMD-powered AI infrastructure at scale optimized for the cloud. In October 2025, we sold the ZT data center infrastructure manufacturing business (ZT Manufacturing Business) to Sanmina Corporation (Sanmina). We made other strategic acquisitions during the year to advance our software capabilities and enable highly optimized solutions across the stack, support co-packaged optics solutions for next-generation AI systems, and bring deep expertise in high-speed inference and reasoning-based AI technologies for large-scale deployments. 

2

Table of Contents

We believe that AI systems will require not only powerful chips, but also full-stack innovation across compute, networking, systems architecture and software. AMD is uniquely positioned to deliver across this stack, combining industry-leading CPUs, GPUs and adaptive SoCs with networking, software and system integration expertise. We continue to invest in software capabilities and the open ecosystem through the AMD ROCm™ platform, delivering new features for high-performance AI training and inference. In 2025, we introduced key optimizations and expanded support for frameworks and libraries, improving performance for generative AI workloads and simplifying the developer experience. 
In October 2025, we entered into a product purchase agreement with OpenAI OpCo, LLC, (OpenAI) to deploy 6 gigawatts of AMD GPUs, with the deployment of the first gigawatt of capacity powered by our AMD Instinct MI450 series products. This multiyear strategic partnership with OpenAI demonstrates our continued execution of hardware, software and full-stack solutions roadmaps.
Our Business
Beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, we combined the Client and Gaming segments into one reportable segment to align with how we manage our business. All prior period segment data were retrospectively adjusted. 
Our three reportable segments are:
•the Data Center segment, which primarily includes AI accelerators, CPUs for servers, GPUs, APUs, DPUs, AI NICs, FPGAs and SoC products for data centers;
•the Client and Gaming segment, which primarily includes CPUs, APUs, chipsets for desktops and notebooks, discrete GPUs, and semi-custom SoC products and development services; and
•the Embedded segment, which primarily includes embedded CPUs, APUs, FPGAs, SOMs, and adaptive SoC products.

From time to time, the Company may also sell or license portions of its IP portfolio. 

In addition to these reportable segments, we have an All Other category, which is not a reportable segment.
Data Center Segment 
Data Center Market 
The Data Center segment primarily includes server-class CPUs, GPUs, AI accelerators, DPUs, AI NICs, FPGAs, and adaptive SoC products. We leverage our technology to address the computational, visual data processing and AI workload acceleration needs in the data center market. Modern data centers require high performance, energy efficient, scalable and adaptable compute engines to meet the demand driven by the growing amount of data that needs to be stored, accessed, analyzed and managed. Different combinations of CPUs, GPUs, DPUs, AI NICs, FPGAs and adaptive SoCs enable the optimization of performance and power for a diverse set of workloads.
Data Center Products 
Server CPUs. Our CPUs for server platforms currently include the AMD EPYC™ Series processors. EPYC CPUs, which are based on the x86 architecture, are server-specific processors designed for high-performance computing, enterprise IT, supercomputing, and large data centers. Our 5th generation AMD EPYC family of server processors delivers improved performance and efficiency for AI, cloud and enterprise workloads.
Data Center GPUs. Our AMD Instinct™ family of GPU products, including AMD Instinct MI200, MI300, MI325 and MI350 series, are based on AMD CDNA™ architecture and designed for AI training, inference and exascale-class scientific computing. We also announced next-generation AMD Instinct MI355X GPUs for large-scale AI deployments. Our visual cloud GPU offerings include products in the AMD Radeon™ PRO V families. Our visual cloud data center GPUs include a range of solutions tailored towards workloads requiring remote visualization, such as Desktop-as-a-Service, Workstation-as-a-Service and Cloud Gaming.
FPGAs and Adaptive SoCs. We offer a wide range of FPGAs, adaptive SoCs and acceleration cards for the data center. Devices include the Virtex™, Kintex™, Artix™, and Spartan™ FPGA products, as well as Zynq™ and Versal™ adaptive SoCs. Our Alveo™ accelerator cards provide a platform for accelerating multiple data center workloads at the edge or in the cloud.

3

Table of Contents

Networking Products. Our AMD Pensando™ DPUs and comprehensive networking software stack offload data center infrastructure services from the host CPU and are used by large Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) cloud providers to accelerate workload performance for hosted virtualized and bare-metal offerings. We introduced our AMD Pensando “Pollara” 400 AI NICs and “Vulcano” AI NICs, which deliver high-speed connectivity across GPU clusters providing high-performance, AI-ready, flexible solutions for scale-out networking.
The AMD Solarflare™ portfolio continues to offer low latency networking solutions for capital markets, including hardware adapters and the Onload™ user space networking libraries. 
Client and Gaming Segment
Client Business
Client Market
Our CPUs and APUs power PCs that are an integral part of how customers work, learn and play. The Client market encompasses the global personal computing ecosystem, including desktop and notebook PCs sold primarily through OEMs, distributors and select direct customers. Our products consist mainly of x86 CPUs and APUs marketed under the AMD Ryzen™ and AMD Ryzen™ AI brands for consumer, commercial and enthusiast segments. Our customers focus on a combination of performance, efficiency, reliability, and value that aligns with their specific use cases. We built a leadership roadmap across these areas and are continuing to further differentiate end user experiences by infusing AI across our portfolio.
Client Products
Desktop CPUs. Our desktop CPU and APU offerings include the AMD Ryzen™ and AMD Ryzen Threadripper™ processors. The Ryzen 9000 Series processors feature “Zen 5” cores, along with X3D models featuring 2nd generation AMD 3D V-Cache™ technology for leadership gaming performance. In 2025, we launched processors for gaming and content creation with Ryzen 9 9950X3D and Ryzen 9 9900X3D. In January 2026, we announced the Ryzen 7 9850X3D, in addition to our Ryzen 7 9800X3D series. Our Ryzen Threadripper™ 9000 Series processors for professional workstations feature increased core counts, expanded memory bandwidth and updated platform capabilities. Our portfolio also includes a broad range of Ryzen 9000 and Ryzen series desktop processors featuring a wide range of capabilities and price points for the growing Socket AM5 platform. In 2025, we released additional AMD Ryzen G Series processors with integrated advanced graphics to extend the longevity of the Socket AM4 platform. 
Notebook CPUs. Our latest mobile processors are designed to deliver premium laptop experiences with local AI. In 2025, we launched AMD Ryzen AI 300 Series processors featuring a next generation NPU supporting Microsoft Copilot+ PCs, our latest “Zen 5” architecture and our AMD RDNA™ 3.5 graphics architecture. In January 2026, we launched our Ryzen AI 400 series processors, the next generation of processors for AI PCs. Building on our AI PC momentum, we expanded our portfolio by introducing Ryzen AI-powered platforms across notebooks and mini desktops and introduced a new reference platform for AI developers in January 2026, the Ryzen AI Halo, that features up to 128GB of memory for large AI model support. We also expanded the Ryzen AI Max processor lineup with the Ryzen AI Max+392 and Ryzen AI Max+388 to enable wider price points for our maximum GPU configurations. Our AMD Ryzen 8000 Series mobile processors, built on the “Zen 4” architecture feature our first generation NPU, and our Ryzen 10 and 100 series mobile processors, powered by both our “Zen 2” and “Zen 3+” core architectures, all address mainstream consumer and commercial markets. For handheld gaming systems, our Ryzen Z1 Series continues to deliver immersive experiences, and we introduced the Ryzen Z2 Series, bringing higher efficiency and improved graphics performance for portable gaming devices including the new Asus ROG Xbox Ally. 

4

Table of Contents

Commercial CPUs. AMD Ryzen PRO solutions deliver enterprise-class security, manageability, and reliability for commercial client PCs including business notebooks, desktops, and workstations. In 2025, we reinforced our leadership in commercial computing with new Ryzen PRO offerings that integrate AI capabilities, delivering performance, mobility, and enterprise features for our customers. Our AMD Ryzen AI PRO 300 Series, brings world-class security and manageability, with leadership productivity, battery life and AI capabilities to business notebooks and mobile workstations. With the announcement of our Ryzen AI 400 PRO Series, we continued to expand our next gen AI PC leadership and offerings. In 2025, we also launched the AMD Ryzen PRO 200 Series mobile processors that expand our commercial CPU portfolio enabling high performance PCs spanning a range of price points. For desktops, the AMD Ryzen PRO 8000G Series desktops offer an integrated AI solution for enterprises, and our AMD Ryzen Threadripper PRO CPU enables leadership performance, expanded memory bandwidth and platform reliability for premium workstations. 
Chipsets. We offer a full suite of chipset products to support our AMD Ryzen and AMD Ryzen Threadripper platforms, for entry level through professional workstation desktop systems. These chipsets complement our latest CPU innovations, supporting robust connectivity and scalability for diverse client computing needs.
Gaming Business
Graphics Market
Graphics processing is a fundamental component across many of our products. Our customers generally use our graphics solutions to enable immersive visualization and to process AI/ML based workloads. We develop our graphics products for use in various computing devices and entertainment platforms, including data centers, desktop PCs, notebook PCs, handheld devices, All-in-Ones and professional workstations. In addition, we leverage our core IP, including graphics and processing technologies, to develop semi-custom solutions deeply co-engineered with our customers, which has enabled many of today’s leading gaming consoles and handheld gaming products.
Semi-Custom Products. Our semi-custom products are tailored, high-performance, customer-specific solutions based on CPU, GPU and multi-media technologies. We work closely with our customers to define solutions precisely matching their system requirements. AMD semi-custom SoC products power the Sony PlayStation® 5, the Microsoft® Xbox Series S™ and X™ game consoles, as well as the recently revealed Valve Steam Machine PC. 
Discrete Desktop and Notebook GPUs. Our AMD Radeon RX discrete GPU processors for PCs power the latest gaming and creation platforms. In 2025, we released our Radeon RX 9000 Series graphics cards, based on a new AMD RDNA™ 4 architecture, designed for increased AI performance, new levels of ray tracing capabilities and enhanced performance per watt to deliver new levels of performance for gamers and creators. All of our graphics products are supported by the AMD software: Adrenalin Edition™ application, which is regularly enhanced to provide the latest in performance, features, and stability. We also released FSR “Redstone” gaming technologies to integrate Machine Learning for improved performance and visuals on our Radeon RX 9000 graphics cards.
Professional GPUs. Our AMD Radeon PRO family of professional graphics products are designed for integration in desktop workstations, optimized through hardware and software for demanding use cases such as 3D rendering, design and manufacturing for Computer-Aided Design (CAD), and media and entertainment for broadcast and animation pipelines on high resolution displays. In 2025, we launched our Radeon AI PRO R9000 Series of graphics cards, intended for local AI inference and creative workloads enabling professionals to accelerate AI-driven content creation and advanced visualization tasks directly on their workstation.

5

Table of Contents

Embedded Segment
The Embedded Market
The Embedded segment primarily includes embedded CPUs, APUs, FPGAs, and adaptive SoC products. Embedded products address computing needs in aerospace and defense, automotive, industrial, vision and healthcare, communications infrastructure, test and measurement, emulation and prototyping, audio, video and broadcasting, and data center. Typically, our embedded products are used in applications that require varying levels of performance, where key features may include relatively low power, small form factors, and 24x7 operations. High-performance graphics are important in some embedded systems. Support for Linux®, Windows® and other operating systems as well as for increasingly sophisticated applications are also critical for some customers. Other requirements may include meeting rigid specifications for industrial temperatures, shock, vibration and reliability. The embedded market has moved from developing proprietary, custom designs to leveraging industry-standard instruction set architectures and processors to help reduce cost and speed time to market. 
Embedded Products 
Embedded CPUs and APUs. Our embedded portfolio expanded in 2025 with the introduction of three new AMD EPYC embedded processor series: AMD EPYC Embedded 9005 Series, EPYC Embedded 4005 Series processors and EPYC Embedded 2005 Series. These new series deliver enhanced performance and extended lifecycles for networking, storage, and edge server applications. We also launched the AMD Ryzen Embedded 9000 Series processors, offering performance-per-watt and low latency for automation systems and machine vision applications. In January 2026, we introduced a new family of Ryzen AI Embedded series processors with two new series: the Ryzen AI Embedded P100 and Ryzen AI Embedded X100 Series. These additions complement our existing AMD EPYC Embedded CPUs and AMD Ryzen Embedded Series processors including V-Series APUs and CPUs and R-Series APUs and CPUs. Our embedded solutions are designed to support high performance compute, high-bandwidth network connectivity and security, high-performance storage requirements for enterprise and cloud infrastructure, 3D graphics performance and 4K multimedia requirements of automotive infotainment systems. 
FPGAs and Adaptive SoCs. Our FPGA products are hardware-customizable devices that can be tailored to meet the specific needs of each customer, enabling them to differentiate their products and accelerate time to market. Our FPGA families include AMD UltraScale+™, UltraScale™ 7 Series, and other earlier series. Adaptive SoC products include the AMD Zynq™ SoC and Zynq UltraScale+ Multi-Processing System-on-a-Chip (MPSoC), which combine FPGA technology with a heterogeneous processing system, as well as the industry’s first RFSoC architecture with integrated radio frequency (RF) data converters (Zynq UltraScale+ RFSoC and Zynq RFSoC DFE). The AMD Versal™ portfolio, composed of software-programmable adaptive SoCs, is a heterogeneous compute platform that combines a processing system, programmable logic, AI Engines, and digital signal processing (DSP) Engines. The Versal devices achieve dramatic system-level performance improvements over today's fastest FPGA competitors’ solutions and accelerate applications in a wide variety of markets, including aerospace and defense, automotive, industrial, vision and healthcare, communications infrastructure, test and measurement, emulation and prototyping, audio, video and broadcasting, and data center. Our Versal RF Series delivers compute performance for aerospace and defense applications. We introduced our Versal Premium Series Gen 2, the first adaptive compute devices supporting next-generation CXL® and PCIe® connectivity.
Development Boards, Kits and Configuration Products. We offer development kits for all our FPGA and adaptive SoCs. These kits include hardware, development tools, IP, and reference designs that streamline and accelerate the development of domain-specific and market-specific applications. We continue to enhance developer productivity with expanded support for AMD Kria™ SOMs and starter kits, enabling rapid prototyping and deployment for motor control and edge AI applications. Our Kria K24 SOM provides high determinism and low latency for powering electric drives and motor controllers used in compute-intensive DSP applications at the edge. Coupled with our Kria KD240 Drives Starter Kit, an out-of-the-box-ready motor control-based development platform, the products offer a seamless path to production deployment.

6

Table of Contents

Design Platforms and Services
Adaptable Platforms. We offer two types of platforms that support our customers' designs and reduce their development efforts: FPGAs and adaptive SoCs. FPGAs feature reconfigurable hardware as well as integrated memory, DSP, analog mixed signal, high-speed serial transceivers and networking cores coupled with advanced software for a broad range of applications in all of our end markets. Our adaptive SoCs feature a heterogeneous processing system with integrated programmable hardware fabric targeting embedded systems that need real-time control, analytics, sensor fusion and adaptable hardware for differentiation and acceleration. Our Zynq UltraScale+ RFSoCs feature integrated high-performance RF data converters targeting wireless, radar and cable access applications. Enabled by both hardware and software design tools and an extensive operating system, middleware, software stack and IP ecosystem, adaptive SoCs target software developers as well as traditional hardware designers. Our Versal portfolio combines a processing system, programmable logic, AI Engines, and DSP Engines with leading-edge memory and interfacing technologies to deliver powerful heterogeneous acceleration for any application. This product portfolio is ideally suited to accelerate a broad set of applications in the emerging era of big data and AI. 
Software Development Platform. Our AMD Vivado™ Design Suite provides hardware design teams with the tools and methodology needed to program FPGAs and adaptive SoCs. Our Vitis™ unified software platform enables the development and deployment of embedded software and accelerated applications on our FPGAs and adaptive SoCs. Our Vitis AI unified software platform enables the development and deployment of AI software on our FPGAs and adaptive SoCs. 
Sales and Marketing
We sell our products via a direct sales force, our OEMs (as described in detail below) and through independent distributors and sales representatives in both domestic and international markets. Our sales arrangements generally operate on the basis of product forecasts provided by the particular customer, but do not typically include any commitment or requirement for minimum product purchases. We use purchase orders and related documents, and contractual agreements as evidence of our sales arrangements. Our agreements typically contain standard terms and conditions covering matters such as payment terms, warranties and indemnities for issues specific to our products.
We generally warrant that our products sold to our customers will conform to our approved specifications and be free from defects in material and workmanship under normal use and conditions for one year. We offer up to three-year limited warranties for certain product types and sometimes provide other warranty periods based on negotiated terms with certain customers.
We market and sell our latest products under the AMD trademark. 
Our product brand for server microprocessors is AMD EPYC™ processors. 
Our product brands for data center graphics are AMD Instinct™ accelerators and AMD Radeon™ PRO V Series. 
Our product brands for data center networking are AMD Pensando™ Pollara 400 AI NIC and AMD Pensando Salina DPU. 
Our product brand for low-latency adapters for FinTech is AMD Solarflare™ adapters. 
Our client product brands for desktop and notebook PCs include: AMD Ryzen™, AMD Ryzen™ AI, AMD Ryzen™ PRO, AMD Ryzen™ Threadripper™, AMD Ryzen™ Threadripper™ PRO, AMD Athlon™, and AMD PRO A-Series processors. 
Our product brand for the consumer graphics market is AMD Radeon™ graphics, and AMD Embedded Radeon graphics is our product brand for the embedded graphics market. 
Our product brand for professional graphics products is AMD Radeon™ PRO graphics. 
We also market and sell our chipsets under AMD trademarks.
Our FPGA products are Virtex™ 6, Virtex 7, Virtex UltraScale+, Kintex™ 7, Kintex UltraScale™, Kintex UltraScale+, Artix™ 7, Artix UltraScale+, Spartan™ 6, and Spartan 7 brands.

7

Table of Contents

Our product brands for adaptive SoCs are Zynq™ 7000, Zynq UltraScale+™ MPSoC, Zynq UltraScale+ RFSoCs, Versal™ HBM, Versal Premium, Versal Prime, Versal™ AI Core and Versal AI Edge.
The software tools for our programmable devices are Vitis™, Vitis AI™, and Vivado™ tools. 
Our System-on-Module (SOM) product is the Kria™ brand.
We also sell low-power versions of our AMD Athlon™, as well as AMD Geode™, AMD Ryzen™, AMD EPYC™, 
AMD R Series and G Series processors as embedded processor solutions. 
Our compute and network acceleration board products are sold under the Alveo™ and Pensando™ brands.
We market our products through direct marketing and co-marketing programs. In addition, we have cooperative advertising and marketing programs with customers and third parties, including market development programs, pursuant to which we may provide product information, training, marketing materials and funds. Under our co-marketing development programs, eligible customers can use market development funds as reimbursement for advertisements and marketing programs related to our products and third-party systems integrating our products, subject to meeting defined criteria.
Customers 
Our Data Center Segment customers consist primarily of hyperscale data centers, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), original design manufacturers (ODMs), system integrators and independent distributors in both domestic and international markets. ODMs provide design and/or manufacturing services to branded and unbranded private label resellers, OEMs and system builders. 
Our Client and Gaming Segment customers consist primarily of PC OEMs, a network of independent distributors and, for chipset products, ODMs that manufacture motherboards. PC OEMs and independent distributors as well as add-in-board manufacturers (AIBs), independent game console and portable gaming devices manufacturers and contract manufacturers for AMD branded graphics cards.
Our Embedded Segment products are sold to customers in a very wide range of markets such as aerospace and defense, automotive, industrial, vision and healthcare, communications infrastructure, test and measurement, emulation and prototyping, audio, video and broadcasting and data center. For these products, we either sell directly to our customers or through a network of distributors and OEM partners. We are also developing a network of Value Added Resellers (VARs) and Integrated Solution Vendors (ISVs) for our Alveo products.
We work closely with our customers to define product features, performance and timing of new products so that the products we are developing meet our customers’ needs. We also employ application engineers to assist our customers in designing, testing and qualifying system designs that incorporate our products. We believe that our commitment to customer service and design support improves our customers’ time to market and fosters relationships that encourage customers to use the next generation of our products.
We also work with our customers to create differentiated products that leverage our CPU, GPU, APU, DPU, AI NIC, and FPGA technology. Certain customers pay us non-recurring engineering fees for design and development services and a purchase price for the resulting products.
Original Equipment Manufacturers
We focus on three types of OEM partners: multi-nationals, selected regional accounts and selected global and local system integrators, who target commercial and consumer end customers of all sizes. Large multi-nationals and regional accounts are the core of our OEM partners’ business;
